Captain's Starlog, March 21, 2153.
After three days exploring
an uninhabited planet...
Commander Tucker and I have been
called back to Enterprise...
to greet an unexpected visitor.
Maybe you were light-headed
from the altitude.
I didn't slip. That overhang gave way
the moment I put my foot on it.
- I walked on the same rocks you did.
- Maybe you loosened them.
You do weigh a few kilos
more than I do.
Report.
It dropped out of warp 30 minutes ago.
The pilot sent a brief audio message.
He insisted on speaking with you
right away.
Any idea what he wants?
He wouldn't say...
but I did manage to find his ship design
in the Vulcan database.
It's Tellarite.
T'Pol's mentioned them.
Open a channel.
This is Jonathan Archer
of the Enterprise.
What can I do for you?
You can start by telling me
what you're doing here.
I didn't get your name.
Captain Skalaar
of the Tellarite Mining Consortium.
We're studying this planet.
I have three science teams
on the surface.
We're also here for a little shore leave.
"Shore leave"?
Vacation.
It's been a while
since we've had a chance to relax.
In that case, I recommend you visit
the equatorial range.
The view from the north summit
is inspiring.
You've been here before?
Many times. I prefer to think of it
as my own personal retreat.
You mustn't leave
until you've experienced...
the hydrothermal pools of Ren-gham.
Where are they?
The polar island chain...
227 kilometres from the southern tip
of the Rykos shoreline.
Look for the pyroclastic debris field,
then follow the lava tubes...
Sounds like we could use a guide.
I'd be happy to show you.
Sure we're not intruding?
Not at all. I'll meet you
at your starboard docking port.
I'll help you plan your "shore leave."
T'Pol says they're not
the most agreeable species.
Apparently, they enjoy a good argument.
It's considered a sport on their planet.
I've got an old girlfriend
this guy might like to meet.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's been a long road
Gettin' from there to here
It's been a long time
But my time is finally near
And I will see my dream
Come alive at last
I will touch the sky
And they're not gonna
Hold me down no more
No, they're not gonna change my mind
'Cause I've got faith of the heart
I'm going where my heart will take me
I've got faith to believe
I can do anything
I've got strength of the soul
And no one's gonna bend or break me
I can reach any star
I've got faith
Faith of the heart
I'm picking up weapons fire on E-Deck,
the starboard airlock.
Send a security team.
Bridge to Captain Archer.
The Tellarite ship's trying to undock
with the seals locked.
Engage the emergency clamps.
- He's going to warp.
- Pursuit course.
He's disabled our starboard nacelle.
We can't follow him, sir.
Get those teams up from the surface.
We're having trouble
isolating his signature.
He must have done something
to mask it.
How long until we have warp drive?
Less than an hour.
I'm on my way to the Bridge.
Acknowledged.
I'm afraid you're not going anywhere
for the moment.
We brought a stowaway with us,
a rather unusual microbe.
- Is it contagious?
- I'll have to run some more tests.
To be safe, we should
both go through Decon.
What do you want?
I asked you a question.
I'd stay clear of those emitters
if I were you.
The very latest technology.
I installed them last month.
I doubt this ship of yours will be
a match for Enterprise.
I've taken appropriate countermeasures.
We won't be seeing
any more of your starship.
I want to know where you're taking me.
My crew's not going to give up
until they find me.
If you take me back...
I'd be willing to forget
this ever happened.
You can either be quiet or spend
the rest of this trip unconscious.
Which do you prefer?
This microbe is more resilient
than I thought.
It doesn't seem to be vulnerable
to theta radiation.
Perhaps you can increase the dosage.
That wouldn't be advisable. We'd both
suffer permanent cellular damage.
There must be something else
you can try.
Decon gel "E" may neutralise
the microbe...
but it will be several hours
before we know if it's effective.
I can't stay here several hours.
You have little choice.
This organism appears
to be infectious...
and humans would be
far more vulnerable to it...
than you or I.
Commander Tucker is quite capable.
If he needs your help,
he knows where to find you.
Fortunately, no one else on the surface
was exposed to the microbe.
I suspect you and I were contaminated...
when we climbed
into the second ravine.
Considering the quantity
of fauna down there...
I'm not at all surprised.
We were probably infected
by the marsupials I found.
I told you to leave them alone.
Their saliva is a natural anticoagulant.
I couldn't return to the ship
without a sample.
I could use your assistance.
I wasn't aware a curtain was installed.
Not everyone's comfortable
with the idea...
of disrobing in front of others.
An odd attitude for a physician.
It's a characteristic of Denobulan males.
We are more inhibited than our women.
It's led to a number
of awkward moments.
My Starfleet physical was an experience
I never hope to repeat.
If you wouldn't mind.
Sensors are picking up
a faint warp signature.
Can you get a fix on it?
Bearing 0-7-1, mark 3-2.
It's erratic, but it matches
our Tellarite friend.
Set a course, maximum warp.
You are speaking on a secure channel.
I'm trying to reach Captain Goroth.
It's very important that I speak with him.
We're attempting to transfer you.
Stand by.
This is Goroth. What do you want?
I have the fugitive.
He's in your custody?
He's standing about five metres
from me.
You'll be pleased to know
he's still alive.
I'm bringing him to Kronos
as we agreed.
No. I'm transmitting
rendezvous coordinates.
Be there in two days.
I trust you'll have the full payment?
You'll get what was promised.
Pleasure doing business
with you, Captain.
As always.
How much are they paying you?
You mentioned the Klingon
home world, Kronos.
I assume this has something to do
with my escaping prison.
You don't even know
what I'm accused of.
You're right, and I don't care to.
The signature's holding steady.
It looks like he's orbiting a G-Type star.
Go to Tactical Alert.
It appears to be a beacon of some kind.
It's generating a warp signature
identical to the Tellarite's.
A decoy! Anything on sensors?
We're going to have to start all over.
I'm getting too much interference
from that device.
It's throwing off our scans.
- Then get rid of it.
- With pleasure, sir.
I have no idea
what the Klingons are paying you...
but whatever it is...
Starfleet will double it.
I don't take bribes from criminals.
I'm not a criminal.
Klingon Judiciary says that you are.
My "crime" was helping
a ship full of refugees.
That was very noble of you.
You'll think twice
before doing that again.
It's pretty clear
I'm never going to get the chance.
I was sentenced to life in prison
on Rura Penthe.
Ever heard of it?
I'm familiar with Rura Penthe.
The magistrate isn't going to be
so lenient next time.
I'll probably be executed.
That's not my concern.
You don't care that you're sending
an innocent man to die?
I've captured dozens of fugitives.
Every one of them claimed to be
an innocent man.
If the Klingons wanted them,
they probably were.
You don't have to do this.
Goroth already knows you're aboard.
If I don't deliver you,
he'll offer a reward for both of us.
I've learned never to cross a Klingon.
It must be difficult...
working for people like them.
I don't answer to those savages.
I work for myself.
That's not how it looks from in here.
If you knew how much
they were paying me...
you'd understand.
This has nothing to do with you.
I'm sure you're not a bad person...
just an unlucky one.
You're making it difficult to meditate.
You've developed a slight fever.
I'm also reading
elevated dopamine levels.
The microbe may be affecting
your limbic system.
I can't concentrate
under these conditions.
I don't mean to be intrusive.
The Captain's been abducted.
He may even be dead.
- My place is on the Bridge.
- Subcommander!
Where are you going?
Open it.
You'll spread the infection.
I'll go to my quarters.
If I seal off the ventilation system...
it should minimise
the risk of exposing anyone.
Your quarters are on C-Deck.
By the time you reach them,
you'll contaminate half the ship.
Unlock this door.
I gave you a direct order.
- I'm sorry, but I can't obey it.
- I can have you court-martialled.
- I doubt that very much.
- Open it!
I apologise.
I'm having trouble
suppressing my emotions.
We'll know in a few hours
whether the gel is working.
Until then...
perhaps a mild sedative will help.
The Klingons are paying 9,000 darseks.
That's more than enough
to get Tezra back.
You're not being realistic.
I already have the human in custody.
The reward is guaranteed.
You've made this promise before.
In two days, you'll see
I'm telling the truth.
Even if you get the money,
which I doubt...
it wouldn't change my decision.
Do you want to scrub plasma injectors
the rest of your life?
I'm giving you a chance to...
Who's Tezra?
Tezra's not a person. It's a cargo ship.
Far more impressive than this antique.
You're going to use the reward
to buy your ship back?
You'd be wise to keep quiet.
The Klingons pay me the same
whether you're alive or dead.
A vessel's approaching.
I wouldn't get too optimistic.
It's not your starship.
You have something I want.
Always one step behind me, Kago?
Drop out of warp
and surrender the prisoner.
Why would I do that?
Don't force me to take action.
Goroth told you where I was, didn't he?
You had two months to find the human.
Goroth contacted me...
because you obviously
weren't going to succeed.
You're incompetent!
If I was incompetent, Archer would be
aboard your ship, wouldn't he?
The human, now.
Or what? You'll destroy my shuttle?
Can't collect on Archer
if he's a cloud of vapour.
You may want to hold onto something.
Let me out! I can help you.
You must think I'm a fool.
You can't manoeuvre the ship
and make repairs at the same time.
I'm a pilot. Let me take the helm.
If you try to escape...
This is the warp field regulator,
the impulse throttle.
- Navigation sensors?
- There.
There's an L-Class planet
in this system.
- I'm taking us out of warp.
- What?
We can't outrun him,
but he may not be able to navigate...
as well as we can
in the planet's atmosphere.
This ship wasn't designed
for these manoeuvres.
We've lost the aft cannons.
- What about forward cannons?
- Still on-line.
What are these?
Subspace beacons.
They generate a false warp signature.
I used one of them to evade your vessel.
Get ready to launch them.
What good will that do?
He's flying on sensors, just like we are.
He'll only have a 1-in-3 chance
of targeting us.
Ready.
Now.
We knocked out his engine.
He's making an emergency landing.
Don't celebrate yet.
Our reactor's leaking.
The warp drive's off-line.
I'm never going to make the rendezvous.
Isn't that a shame?
The reactor also powers life support.
Then you'd better get to work.
It can only be accessed
from the outer hull.
- Then we should set down here.
- But Kago's on the surface.
We'll land 1,000 kilometres away.
What are you doing?
You said we'd need another treatment.
Not for three hours.
Is there any harm in starting now?
I can apply it myself. Thank you.
Perhaps you need another sedative.
Rest is not what I need.
This behaviour is hardly appropriate.
My name is T'Pol.
- You don't find me attractive?
- Of course I do, but that is not the issue.
I'm familiar with Denobulan sexuality.
I know that your marriages
aren't exclusive.
You and I are colleagues.
- It's against regulations.
- Starfleet regulations.
There's no reason to be restrained
by human morality.
It's obvious you're not well. Please.
You have no idea
what you're denying yourself.
Your endorphin and hormonal levels
are dangerously high.
You don't understand. I'm not ill.
These are hardly normal readings.
They're normal for a Vulcan
in my condition.
You know what's wrong with you?
It's not something
we discuss with others.
I believe it's time for you
to amend that policy.
You have my assurance
it will remain between us.
We call it the pon farr...
the cycle of mating.
Have you gone through this before?
It's not time.
It's possible the infection was a catalyst.
What caused it doesn't matter.
If I don't mate with a male,
Vulcan or otherwise, I'll die.
That ship you mentioned, the Tezra...
sounds pretty important to you.
More than you know.
If Kago collects the reward...
he'll probably waste it
on Orion slave girls.
Not me.
I'm going to do something useful with it.
I don't understand
why you want a cargo ship.
It doesn't seem practical
in your line of work.
You think I've been chasing fugitives
my entire life?
Once I get the money, I'll have enough
to pay off the impound fees.
I'll be a freighter captain again.
My helmsman used to run freight.
The two of you would probably have
a lot to talk about.
The Tezra isn't like
any other cargo ship.
She was the first of her class,
the fastest ever built.
She could haul a million metric tonnes
at warp 4.5.
Even your starship isn't capable of that.
I retrofitted her engines myself.
You never told me
why it was impounded.
My brother and I were hauling
a shipment of firesalt.
I thought I could trim two or three days
off our journey...
by cutting across
the most insignificant corner...
of Klingon space.
I learned very quickly
there's no such thing...
as an insignificant corner
of Klingon space.
We were lucky to escape
with our lives...
though we did pay a price.
- They took your ship?
- And its cargo, too.
My brother never forgave me.
I've been trying to find a way
to get the Tezra back ever since.
What are you doing?
Did you really think
I wanted this engine fixed?
You're taking me to be executed!
Don't worry.
We'll meet Goroth on time.
Feeling any better?
I'm hungry.
Our meals will be here soon.
I wasn't referring to food.
I'm working as quickly as I can.
The serum should help alleviate
most of your symptoms.
There's a far simpler treatment.
I'd prefer to explore
a more conventional approach.
You have the cure.
It's unethical for you
to withhold it, Doctor.
This mating cycle of yours
was artificially induced.
We can't be certain that
a physical encounter would help.
- I'm willing to try.
- Subcommander...
Don't be frightened. I won't hurt you.
You're disturbing my serum!
- You need to be sedated again.
- No more hyposprays!
One of us should probably answer that.
It could be news about the Captain.
This is Phlox.
Anyone hungry in there?
I brought you some supper.
Just in the nick of time, Commander.
It would be best if you remained here.
How are you two holding up?
Well enough.
Have you been able
to locate Captain Archer?
We're tracking another warp signature.
Hopefully, this one's the real thing.
Are those the ones you wanted?
Yes, thank you.
Is that food?
Yeah.
I had Chef make you some...
Is she all right?
She's developed a slight fever,
nothing to be concerned about.
Bridge to Commander Tucker.
- Go ahead.
- We're approaching the coordinates.
On my way.
Call if you need anything.
What have you got?
Two matching warp signatures,
both in the upper-atmosphere.
More subspace beacons.
There is a ship on the surface.
It seems to have suffered
engine damage, but it's not Tellarite.
- Bio-signs?
- One.
Open a channel.
Yes?
Sorry to bother you,
but we're looking for a Tellarite shuttle.
Have you seen one?
How much did the Klingons offer you?
Klingons?
Look, there must be some sort
of misunderstanding here.
We're looking for our captain.
Your captain.
He's got a price on his head.
He's probably halfway
to Klingon space by now.
Travis, how close are we
to Klingon space?
Less than six light-years.
If that Tellarite's looking
to collect some kind of reward...
we better find him before he gets there.
- Set a course. Take us back to warp.
- Aye, sir.
- What are you doing here?
- I need your help.
You shouldn't have brought him.
You think I would have come here
if I had a choice?
I need an antimatter injector.
And I suppose you have no way
of paying for it.
Do you know who this is?
He's the only prisoner
who's ever escaped from Rura Penthe.
The Klingons are offering a fortune
to get him back. Tell him.
Tell him!
If I give you the injector, you have
to promise never to come back here.
Of course I'm coming back.
You're going to be my first officer.
That was years ago. I work here now.
Scrubbing plasma injectors?
Is that how your children
should see you?
It's better than hunting criminals!
You think that I enjoy spending my time
with vermin like him?
I have work to do.
Please! Don't turn your back
on me again.
We can reclaim the Tezra.
You won't want that ship
after you see it.
Why not?
The Klingons cannibalised her.
Every power relay, every conduit.
- The engines?
- They're gone.
I'll give you the injector...
but after that, I want you to leave.
What do you plan to do now?
Get that injector and install it.
And then?
I suppose you'll turn me over
to the Klingons.
I'll be...
disembowelled with one of those
nasty-looking swords of theirs.
And you'll collect your 9,000 darseks.
But it won't get you the Tezra back.
What are you trying to say?
The Klingons took your freighter,
your livelihood...
damaged your relationship
with your brother.
And what do you get in exchange?
9,000 darseks.
Doesn't seem like
a very fair trade to me.
What choice do I have?
I told you, if I let you go, they'd kill me.
Maybe not.
Have you ever been
aboard Goroth's ship?
Twice. Why?
I beg your pardon?
Let me out.
You know I can't do that.
The heat, it's unbearable!
If I lower the temperature,
the serum will congeal.
I don't want your serum! Open the door!
I assure you, you'll feel much better
in just a few minutes.
Open it!
This will only take a moment.
Your bio-chemical imbalance
is growing worse.
If we don't treat it, the damage
to your limbic system...
could be irreversible.
You said it yourself, it could kill you!
Stay away from me.
One injection. That's all I ask.
Very well...
you're free to go.
4-2-8-6-4. That's the locking code.
Denobulan medical ethics prevent me
from treating patients against their will.
4-2-8-6-4!
- Phlox to the Bridge.
- Tucker here.
You may want to evacuate D-Deck.
She's still in this section.
The Doctor says she's irrational...
- so use caution.
- Yes, sir.
Malcolm!
I need your assistance.
We've been very worried about you,
Subcommander.
Let's get you back to the doctor.
I can't return to the doctor.
He's refusing to treat me.
How long has it been?
I beg your pardon?
Since you've mated.
I've seen the way you look at me.
On the Bridge.
Why don't we discuss this in Decon?
My quarters would be more comfortable.
Doctor Phlox was very insistent.
Follow me, Subcommander.
Welcome.
The Empire never forgets
its enemies. Taka!
What about my payment?
6,000 darseks.
We agreed to 9,000.
Did we?
That's blood money, Skalaar.
I hope you enjoy it.
We're being hailed, Commander.
- It's the Tellarite ship.
- What?
Put him through.
I've got them. Bearing 2-2-6, mark 7-1.
Set a course. Go to Tactical Alert.
Where do you think you'll go, human?
There isn't a planet
within 50 light-years.
He won't get far. Drop out of warp.
- Should I charge weapons?
- No. I want him alive.
I see him. 800,000 kilometres.
- What about the Klingons?
- They're closing in on him.
They're charging weapons.
Return fire!
Deploy the grappler.
They're not making it easy.
- Malcolm?
- I'm doing the best I can, sir.
Their weapon ports
are heavily shielded.
- Got it!
- Bring him in.
- Their weapons are down.
- The pod?
Safe and sound. Launch Bay Two.
Let's get the hell out of here.
The microbe's been eliminated
from your system.
Your premature mating cycle
has ended.
Did I do anything inappropriate?
I've had patients treat me far worse.
Did we?
Denobulan males aren't comfortable
discussing such topics.
I'd appreciate it
if you didn't mention this to anyone.
I'd never violate a patient's privacy.
Rough ride?
What's the status of the Klingons?
We damaged their port nacelle.
They're limping back to Kronos.
Where's T'Pol?
She's in Decon with Doctor Phlox.
What happened?
It's a long story.
You're being hailed, Captain.
I see you made it back safely.
You think the Klingons know
you gave me that lock pick?
I don't see why they would.
What are you going to do
with your reward?
I'm not sure.
If you know of an old freighter
for sale...
I'll keep my eyes open.
Be careful, Captain.
It's likely the Klingons will double
their bounty.
I hope you won't be the one to collect it.
No promises.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org